This trash is stubborn
Can acupuncture really be used to detoxify?
That's it. That's it.
The emperor has it
The emperor is really blessed
God bless you.
Father, are you well?
Father Emperor does not want to be born for the time being
Your situation needs to be exhausted
I will come to the palace once a day to teach and students for you
It heals in seven days.
All right, let's go down
The father needs to be respected with peace of mind
What about the chief imperial physician in the palace?
I think it's half-baked at best
I saw the concubine just now
Is it amazing medicine?
Just luck
The father's dragon body is safe
That's what I have to worry about
As for who healed it
Why does it matter?
Does it matter?
On the ability to speak
I'm really not as good as the third prince
Wait for the father to recover
Vertical and horizontal momentum will be pursued to the end
I think you group of imperial physicians should think about it carefully
How to respond
Oh, you are really a god
What poison did the father have?
Do you doubt